Improve documentation for JULIA_NUM_THREADS=auto (#42501)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/multi-threading.md

[`JULIA_NUM_THREADS`](@ref JULIA_NUM_THREADS) environment variable. When both are
specified, then `-t`/`--threads` takes precedence.

> --threads {N\|auto`} Enable N threads; `auto` currently sets N to the number of local CPU threads but this might change in the future.

Reviewer: The formatting here seems off (truncated at the beginning), and doesn't quite feel that it fits into the surrounding paragraph. Some thoughts also:

```suggestion
`--threads {N|auto}` Enable N threads; `auto` chooses a number based on the number of detected CPUs.
```
